Blog - Announcing Earthly v0.8 (#762)
earthly/website: blog/_posts/2024-01-25-earthly-v0-8.md

    END

    LET frontend = "$frontend_host"
    LET proxy = "$proxy_host"
    LET port_args = "--publish ${tls_port}:4043 \
    --publish ${certbot_port}:8000"
    LET server_scheme = "https"
    IF [ "$mode" != "production" ]
        SET frontend = localhost
        SET proxy = localhost
        SET port_args = "--publish ${tls_port}:8000"
        SET server_scheme = "http"
    END
    BUILD +start-ui-internal --mode "$mode" --frontend \
    "$frontend" --proxy "$proxy" --server_scheme "$server_scheme" \
    --autocert_dir "$autocert_dir" --port_args "$port_args"

…
~~~

For more details, visit the [`LET`](https://docs.earthly.dev/v/earthly-0.8/docs/earthfile#let) and [`SET`](https://docs.earthly.dev/v/earthly-0.8/docs/earthfile#set) documentation.

## Improved Performance for Remote Runners

Outputting images from a remote runner, such as Earthly Satellites, has improved performance as it no longer transfers layers that are already present locally. Previously a full tar.gz was transferred which contained all layers in the image. Now, Earthly performs a docker pull which only downloads required image layers.

## New Earthly Satellites Instance Sizes

> In response to growing scalability needs, we're introducing larger Earthly Satellites instance sizes. We previously offered x-small, small, medium, large, and x-large instances. We added 2xlarge, 3xlarge, and 4xlarge instances. These new options offer more powerful resources for your builds. You can find more details about compute sizing and pricing on our [Pricing page](https://earthly.dev/pricing).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In response to growing scalability needs, we're introducing larger Earthly Satellites instance sizes. We previously offered x-small, small, medium, large, and x-large instances. We are now adding 2xlarge, 3xlarge, and 4xlarge instances. These new options offer more powerful resources for your builds. You can find more details about compute sizing and pricing on our [Pricing page](https://earthly.dev/pricing).
```

## Farewell to `v0.5`

> Earthly v0.5 was released on February 1, 2021, and after nearly 3 years, support for it is being phased out. If you are still using Earthly v0.5, upgrade soon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Earthly v0.5 was released on February 1, 2021, and after nearly 3 years, support for it is being phased out. If you are still using Earthly v0.5 or `VERSION 0.5` in your Earthfiles, upgrade soon.
```

|Feature Flag    |Description|
|-|-|
|--no-network    | Allow the use of `RUN --network=none` commands|
|--arg-scope-and-set    | Enable the `LET` / `SET` commands and nested `ARG` scoping|
|--use-docker-ignore    | Enable the use of `.dockerignore` files in `FROM DOCKERFILE` targets|
|--pass-args    | Enable the optional `--pass-args` flag for the `BUILD`, `FROM`, `COPY`, and `WITH DOCKER --load` commands|
|--global-cache    | Enable global caches (shared across different Earthfiles), for cache mounts and `CACHE` commands having an ID|
|--cache-persist-option    | Adds `CACHE --persist` option to persist cache content in images, Changes default `CACHE` behaviour to not persist|
|--use-function-keyword    | Enable using `FUNCTION` instead of `COMMAND` when declaring a function|
|--use-visited-upfront-hash-collection    | Switches to a newer target parallelization algorithm|

For more information on the individual Earthfile feature flags see the [Earthfile version-specific features page.](https://docs.earthly.dev/docs/earthfile/features)

For more detailed information on Earthly 0.8, read the [Earthly 0.8 release notes](https://github.com/earthly/earthly/releases/tag/v0.8.0).

> 

Reviewer: @thtmnisamnstr - I would add a section about how to upgrade, since we have designed the VERSION command specifically to avoid build failures or inconsistencies when upgrading. You could just copy-paste what I documented over here: https://docs.earthly.dev/v/earthly-0.8/docs/earthfile/features#upgrading-to-a-newer-version

Reviewer 2: I'll add this.
